Automatically create the directory path for a JSONTokenStorage (#998)
globus/globus-sdk-python: changelog.d/20240709_111157_derek_auto_create_json_token_path.rst

Fixed
~~~~~

- When a JSONTokenStorage is used, the containing directory will be automatically be

>   created if it doesn't exist instead of erroring (on Mac).

Reviewer: Since it's not mac-specific, I don't think we should note the platform. Since I was suggesting an edit, I also went ahead and restored the pr link text from the template (<code>:pr:\`998\`</code> also works).

```suggestion
  created if it doesn't exist instead of erroring. (:pr:`NUMBER`)
```

Author: I'm not sure if it's mac exclusive or not. I only know it doesn't work on mac.
